hello everyone today we will have
another computer unpacking bought
we are such a miracle thing acer laptop
2 5 and it will be unpacking
he was chosen long
Now if you can see the characteristics but I
I'll write them in the description of the video and also
the model is likely to be the name
remove unpacking
because to someone it will be possible
I wonder what is included and how
looks like all sorts of power supplies what they
size because they used to be
standard rectangles and now
for example, the same asus is expelled with
minimalism and makes quite their
little ones
and bought because I needed home
second computer
More precisely, the laptop was something but it was already a little bit
subrall rell and since I think that
a laptop
as well as a personal computer it
the thing is strictly personal then the computer should
everyone has to be his own
such a rather thin posting
give birth to a standard euro and such
here is the power supply for comparing
power supply from an old laptop and her
high right all things here
light he's an eysir led eiser to whom
how to like more
Well, that is, progress is felt a little
by weight approximately equally wired
about the same as we have
Here is a proprietary connector although
he is in my opinion even in standard
turns it to take away the exit to
plain dice about laptop
began to do this I will not hide
I don't think I need it well
here is the apparatus itself, its main feature
which we needed is the most
compactness let's say the greatest
compactness is yours
broke nothing that's such a here
the thing is we all remove this here
apparatus
thickness can be imagined immediately
more centimeter but I'll give a link to
official site and there it will be possible
see real sizes like this
here's the thing here is a little bit of paperwork
he himself is the metal here this part
plastic metal cover
Well, what to say, in principle, keys
interesting before the configuration we have soon and
5 4 2
and the last haswell nvidia graphics card
750m hard drive per terabyte and 8
gigabytes of ram
fifteen inch model
screen resolution of 1366 by 768
Well, of course they shoved windows 81 here
as always screen tn matrix tn ovsky but
so normal for this price
categories
this is almost the best option
on the side we have an invisible power button
small
yusb 120 in the other side is another usb 2
0 and connector for flash drives
local headphone jack
or headset
in the back we have a connector for a regular lan network
rj45
yusb 30 hdmi and this one is a miracle connector
for de saba for connecting external
monitor monitors
lock thickening moan or something so i
honestly don't remember what it's called
and naturally the connector under the power supply
the output is cooling at our back that is very
very convenient also no covers from below
No, and the battery is also non-removable
well in the year of thickness so here it is included
almost inaudible
we already tried it in the store
large touchpad is present inside
buttons that are not very highlighted
the button illumination looks nice
present and here you can see
turn on turn off apparently adjustments
or programmatically or not adjustment
Brightness is the minimum
This is the maximum way more than
in the past model, well, in general, in general
interesting thing for this price of this
Yes, I already said the most
configuration interesting model because
that something like this starts somewhere already thousands
5 more
we have two more LEDs on top
on and apparently on low charge yes
forgot to say he has no drive
cd-rom
so he is so subtle and proper
saying light I believe that in the present
time is already loaded via the Internet and
does not have something to buy on disks
the meaning is perfect but the most interesting
need to tear off the films and the top and more
one thing we bought this item for stock
and us for the ruble
offered to choose something else at 3000 and
what we have chosen will be in the next video
we went to the store for a long time and decided
dwell on this more
economic option well here's such
thing in principle I like at home if
not very large space and if
need to carry a laptop with you very much
good thing if there are any questions
ask in the comments necessarily well
and that's all thanks to everyone for watching
goodbye